README.md, before:

# Other matters
   - Class evaluation  https://utk.campuslabs.com/courseeval/  The site will be available until midnight on Monday, April 29.
   - What needs to go into [the final report: it is essentially the status report plus changes highlighted in red](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/project_final_report.pdf) 


# Class Apr 26
  * Presentation: TheGivers
  * Presentation: LinuxForKids
  * Presentation: Personal Playlist

# Class Apr 24
  * Presentation: CampusChat (second choice)
  * Presentation: EzOrdr (second choice)
  * Presentation: image_translator (first choice)
 
# Class Apr 22
  * Presentation: MachineLearningSquad (second choice)
  * Presentation: Synthony (second choice)
  
# Class Apr 17
  * Presentation: MoonMan (only choice)
  
# Class 31-35 (Apr 1,3,5,8,12)
  * Work on the final project

# Class 26-30 (Mar 13, 15, 25, 27, 29)
  * Demo+Status reports are due
  * [How to contribute to OSS](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/HowToContributeToOSS.pdf)
  * Evryone has an issue assigned: please have one issue per person:
    breake into subtasks if needed!


# Class 25 (Mar 11)
  * [How to contribute to OSS](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/HowToContributeToOSS.pdf)
  * Evryone has an issue assigned: please have one issue per person:
    breake into subtasks if needed!

# Class 22 (Mar 1)
  * Start on Sprint 3
  * Please make sure you [are assigned an issue](https://github.com/CS340-19/news/blob/master/oissues.md)!

# Class 21 (Feb 27)
  * Work on Sprint 2

# Class 20 (Feb 25)
  * [Validation and Verification](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/validation_and_verification.pdf)

# Class 18-19 (Feb 20, 22)
  * Work on Sprint 2

# Class 17 (Feb 18)
  * [Design patterns](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/design_patterns.pdf)

# Class 16 (Feb 15)
  * Finish of Sprint 1
  * Webserver on GCP due [status](https://github.com/CS340-19/webserver/blob/master/results.md)

# Class 15 (Feb 13)
  * Finishing [Architecture](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/software_architecture.pdf)
  
# Class 14 (Feb 11)
  * [Architecture](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/software_architecture.pdf)

# Class 13 (Feb 8)
  * Halfway through sprint 1
       - Scrum meetings
       
# Class 12 (Feb 6)
  * Networking/Cloud Technology practice
       - [Work on setting up automatic build on dockerhub](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/Docker.md)
       - [Work on starting connecting a GCP virtual instance](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/GC.md)
       - Deploying application

# Class 11 (Feb 4)
  * Basic [Networking/Cloud Technology concepts](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/magic.pdf)
       - TCP
       - Tunnels
       - Virtual machines and containers
       - Cloud provisioning

# Class 10 (Feb 1)
  * Working on Sprint 1

# Class 9 (Jan 30)
  * Presenting project proposals (5min max)
   
# Class 8 (Jan 28)
  * Practice weekly scrum: each team answers the following three questions:
      - What did you do last week?
      - What will you do this week?
      - Are there any impediments in your way?
  * Software process lecture

# Class 7 (Jan 25)
  * Teams are writting project proposal
  * Create a repo under CS340-19 for your project
  * Create a team under https://github.com/orgs/CS340-19/teams/students/teams for your project
  * Add members of your project to the project team
  * Make project team amin collaborator for your project repo, e.g., for CampusGroupChat go to https://github.com/CS340-19/CampusGroupChat/settings/collaboration and add the relevant team
  * Project propsals (full) should be placed in https://github.com/CS340-19/YourProjectName/proposal.md

# Class 6 (Jan 25)
  * Finalize class project assignments
      - Each pre-proposal gets 2-5 min to present their idea
      - If you have an idea, please add it to the [proposals repo](https://github.com/CS340-19/proposals)

# Class 5
  * Identifying class projects

# Class 4
  * Finish: What is [software engineering?](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/introduction.pdf)
  * [Class project](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/project_intro.pdf)

# Class 3 (Jan 14)
  * What is [software engineering?](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/introduction.pdf)
  
# Class 2
  * Do the [second task](https://github.com/CS340-19/news/blob/master/Preliminary.md)
  * Read the [lecture notes on git](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/version_control.pdf)
  
# Class 1
  * Do the [first task](https://github.com/CS340-19/news/blob/master/Preliminary.md)

# Syllabus for "Software Engineering"

* **Course:** [COSCS-340]
* ** MK404  MWF  9:05AM-09:55AM (Min Kao 524) **
* **Instructor:** Audris Mockus, [audris@utk.edu](mailto:audris@utk.edu) office hours MK613 - on request
* **TAs:** [Preston Provins](mailto:pprovins@vols.utk.edu) (office hours on request) and [Rayhan Hossain](rhossai2@vols.utk.edu)
* **Need help?**

Simple rules: 

1. There are no stupid questions. However, it may be worth going over the following steps:
1. Think of what the right answer may be.
1. Search online: stack overflow, etc.
     - code snippets: On GH [gist.github.com](https://gist.github.com/) or, if anyone contributes, [for this class](https://github.com/snippets/COSCS340/)
     - answers to questions: [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/)
1. Look through [issues](https://github.com/COSCS340/news/issues)
1. Post the question as an issue.
1. Ask instructor: [email](mailto:audris@utk.edu) for 1-on-1 help, or
   to set up a time to meet 

## Objectives
The course will provide basic software engineering approaches with a
focus on intense practice. Upon successfull completion of this course 
you will be able to:

- Do version control and issue tracking
- Paticipate in teams and do basic software project management
- Do basic software testing
- Deploy software to the cloud
- Contribute to open source projects


## Course Description

All the assignments and projects for this class will use github -
*no exceptions*.

The work will have to be described via issues on github that
will be used to define and track progress. 

The resulting program will be deployed via docker container
to google cloud.

Each student will submit at least one contribution to an open source
project. 

## Prerequisites

While we have strived to make the programming component of this course
straightforward, we will not devote much time to teaching
programming. You should feel comfortable with:

1. How to look up syntax on Google and StackOverflow.
1. Basic programming concepts like functions, loops, arrays, dictionaries, strings, and if statements.
1. How to learn new libraries by reading documentation and reusing examples
1. Asking questions on StackOverflow or as a GitHub issue.

### Requirements and tips

These apply to real life, as well.

* Must apply "good programming style" learned in class
    * Optimize for readability
* There is no required programming language or framework: the
  project should choose the most relevant technology for its
  objective (i.e., the technology that would require least effort to
  implement the desired system). For example, it could be
  analytics/deep learning application on top of
  gensis/tensorflow/caffe, a mobile app, a web service, an algorithm
  library, ....
* There is no specific domain the project should focus on, but it
  has to solve a real or perceived problem. In other words, its
  important to motivate the project. There is no need to choose from
  a list of example topics, such as [this](http://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~marsic/books/SE/projects/)
  or [this](https://www.elprocus.com/top-software-engineering-projects-for-it-and-cse-students-in-2014/).
* Best results are typically achieved if you work on a problem that
  you deeply care about. I would recommend, therefore, to choose a
  problem primarily based on your interests.
    

## Teaming Tips

* Agree on an editor and environment that you're comfortable with
* The person who's less experienced/comfortable should have more keyboard time
* Switch who's "driving" regularly
* Make sure to save the code and send it to others on the team

## Evaluation

* Class Participation – 25%: students are expected to read all
   material covered in a week and come to class prepared to take
   part in the classroom discussions. Responding to other student
   questions (issues) counts as classroom participation. Class time
   will be also used for teamwork on the course project.

* Assignments - 25%: Each assignment will involve writing (or modifying a template of)
   a small Python program or a documentation of an open source contribution.
   * Deploying to Cloud: (5% of total course grade)
   * OSS Sprint 1 and 2: (5% of total course grade)
   * OSS Sprint 2 and 3: (5% of total course grade)
   * OSS Sprint 4 and 5: (5% of total course grade)
   * OSS Sprint 6: (5% of total course grade)

* Project - 50%: one original project a group of 4
   students. The project will explore one or more of the themes covered
   in the course that students find particularly compelling.  The
   group needs to submit a project proposal (2 pages IEEE format).  The proposal
   should provide a brief motivation of the project, detailed
   discussion of the data that will be obtained or used in the project,
   along with a time-line of milestones, and expected outcome.


Course Project: You will work in teams to propose, design, implement, and present a semester-long
software project. Your project work must be done in groups of 4 (or 3 if a fourth member cannot
be found). This work accounts for a major portion of your course grade (50%), so choose your
teammates wisely. The course project consists of a series of presentations and deliverables that
will be assigned throughout the semester. The grade breakdown is shown below:

1. Project Proposal (10% of total course grade)
3. Status Report (around Sprint 3) (15% of total course grade)
4. Final Project (Report + Demo) (25% of total course grade)

Each student in the group should have a role and be able to explain their individual contribution
to the project. We will take into account student feedback on the project and on their teammates
at the end of the semester, but for the most part, teammates will receive the same project grades.


## Other considerations

As a programmer you will never write anything from scratch, but will
reuse code, frameworks, or ideas.  You are encouraged to
learn from the work of your peers. However, if you don't try to do
it yourself, you will not learn. [Deliberate practice][deliberate-practice]
(activities designed for the sole purpose of effectively improving
specific aspects of an individual's performance) is the only way to
reach perfection.

Please respect the terms of use and/or license of any code you find,
and if you re-implement or duplicate an algorithm or code from
elsewhere, credit the original source with an inline comment.

## Resources

Project ideas
---------------

http://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~marsic/books/SE/projects/

http://nevonprojects.com/web-based-project-ideas-topics/


## Textbook

** There is no required textbook for the course **
several optional textbooks/online materials are listed.

- Bash

- Regular expressions

- Databases

- IEEE's "Software Engineering Body of Knowledge (SWEBOK)" version 3.0.

* [Python for beginners](https://www.python.org/about/gettingstarted/)
  and [Python Dictionaries](http://pythonprogramminglanguage.com/dictionary/)

## Presentation skills

* [Basic requrements for a good presentation](http://web.eecs.utk.edu/~bvz/presentation.html)

## Teamwork

[How to tell if you work well in a team](https://info.catme.org/wp-content/uploads/CATME-Rating-Scale.pdf)


#### GitHub

* Git and GitHub
    * [Official GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/)
	* [GitHub Issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/)
    * [Recommended resources](https://help.github.com/articles/what-are-other-good-resources-for-learning-git-and-github)
* GitHub Pages
    * [Official site](http://pages.github.com/)
    * [Thinkful guide](http://www.thinkful.com/learn/a-guide-to-using-github-pages/)


<!-- Links -->
[docker]:http://www.eecs.utk.edu/resources/it/kb/docker
[class-site]:http://web.eecs.utk.edu/~audris/fdac
[deliberate-practice]:http://www.psy.fsu.edu/faculty/ericsson/ericsson.exp.perf.html
[pull-request]:https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request
[create-repo]: https://help.github.com/articles/create-a-repo
[forking]: https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/
[ref-clone]: http://gitref.org/creating/#clone
[ref-commit]: http://gitref.org/basic/#commit
[ref-push]: http://gitref.org/remotes/#push
[pull-request]: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request
[raw]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/education/guide/master/docs/forks.md


[Academic Dishonesty / Plagiarism]

Cheating and plagiarism are serious offenses and are grounds for
dismissal from the course and an automatic F grade. Please read UT's
honor statement. for more information on what constitutes plagiarism
and what actions may be taken if the honor statement is violated. I
have written a helpful guide to avoiding plagiarism. The guide is
from my COSC102 course, but it is still relevant. 

Any plagiarism/cheating on an exam will be an automatic F for the
course and a referral. Any plagiarism/cheating on homework will
result in a 0 for that homework or assignment. 

Any repeat offenses in plagiarism/cheating will be an automatic F
for the course. 

Bottom line: It isn't worth it.....PLEASE don't do it!

Any cheating, plagiarism, etc. will be punished in accordance with
the current version of Hilltopics. For more information see
http://studentconduct.utk.edu/students/current-students/ 

[Grading]

See above


[MiniTasks]

Good quality commit messages

Issues that describe what is needed in a sprint

How to get a contribution accepted in an oss project

How to find project to learn from

The project quality index

Commit message:

Fixing issue text for "Select the first task"

README.md, after:

# Other matters
   - Class evaluation  https://utk.campuslabs.com/courseeval/  The site will be available until midnight on Monday, April 29.
   - What needs to go into [the final report: it is essentially the status report plus changes highlighted in red](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/project_final_report.pdf) 
   - Correction on the OSS issue "Select the first task": the correct link is https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/HowToContributeToOSS.pdf
the sentence "Section C: How to make your first contribution?" should read "From slide How to make your first contribution?"

# Class Apr 26
  * Presentation: TheGivers
  * Presentation: LinuxForKids
  * Presentation: Personal Playlist

# Class Apr 24
  * Presentation: CampusChat (second choice)
  * Presentation: EzOrdr (second choice)
  * Presentation: image_translator (first choice)
 
# Class Apr 22
  * Presentation: MachineLearningSquad (second choice)
  * Presentation: Synthony (second choice)
  
# Class Apr 17
  * Presentation: MoonMan (only choice)
  
# Class 31-35 (Apr 1,3,5,8,12)
  * Work on the final project

# Class 26-30 (Mar 13, 15, 25, 27, 29)
  * Demo+Status reports are due
  * [How to contribute to OSS](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/HowToContributeToOSS.pdf)
  * Evryone has an issue assigned: please have one issue per person:
    breake into subtasks if needed!


# Class 25 (Mar 11)
  * [How to contribute to OSS](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/HowToContributeToOSS.pdf)
  * Evryone has an issue assigned: please have one issue per person:
    breake into subtasks if needed!

# Class 22 (Mar 1)
  * Start on Sprint 3
  * Please make sure you [are assigned an issue](https://github.com/CS340-19/news/blob/master/oissues.md)!

# Class 21 (Feb 27)
  * Work on Sprint 2

# Class 20 (Feb 25)
  * [Validation and Verification](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/validation_and_verification.pdf)

# Class 18-19 (Feb 20, 22)
  * Work on Sprint 2

# Class 17 (Feb 18)
  * [Design patterns](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/design_patterns.pdf)

# Class 16 (Feb 15)
  * Finish of Sprint 1
  * Webserver on GCP due [status](https://github.com/CS340-19/webserver/blob/master/results.md)

# Class 15 (Feb 13)
  * Finishing [Architecture](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/software_architecture.pdf)
  
# Class 14 (Feb 11)
  * [Architecture](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/software_architecture.pdf)

# Class 13 (Feb 8)
  * Halfway through sprint 1
       - Scrum meetings
       
# Class 12 (Feb 6)
  * Networking/Cloud Technology practice
       - [Work on setting up automatic build on dockerhub](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/Docker.md)
       - [Work on starting connecting a GCP virtual instance](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/GC.md)
       - Deploying application

# Class 11 (Feb 4)
  * Basic [Networking/Cloud Technology concepts](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/magic.pdf)
       - TCP
       - Tunnels
       - Virtual machines and containers
       - Cloud provisioning

# Class 10 (Feb 1)
  * Working on Sprint 1

# Class 9 (Jan 30)
  * Presenting project proposals (5min max)
   
# Class 8 (Jan 28)
  * Practice weekly scrum: each team answers the following three questions:
      - What did you do last week?
      - What will you do this week?
      - Are there any impediments in your way?
  * Software process lecture

# Class 7 (Jan 25)
  * Teams are writting project proposal
  * Create a repo under CS340-19 for your project
  * Create a team under https://github.com/orgs/CS340-19/teams/students/teams for your project
  * Add members of your project to the project team
  * Make project team amin collaborator for your project repo, e.g., for CampusGroupChat go to https://github.com/CS340-19/CampusGroupChat/settings/collaboration and add the relevant team
  * Project propsals (full) should be placed in https://github.com/CS340-19/YourProjectName/proposal.md

# Class 6 (Jan 25)
  * Finalize class project assignments
      - Each pre-proposal gets 2-5 min to present their idea
      - If you have an idea, please add it to the [proposals repo](https://github.com/CS340-19/proposals)

# Class 5
  * Identifying class projects

# Class 4
  * Finish: What is [software engineering?](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/introduction.pdf)
  * [Class project](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/project_intro.pdf)

# Class 3 (Jan 14)
  * What is [software engineering?](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/introduction.pdf)
  
# Class 2
  * Do the [second task](https://github.com/CS340-19/news/blob/master/Preliminary.md)
  * Read the [lecture notes on git](https://github.com/CS340-19/lectures/blob/master/version_control.pdf)
  
# Class 1
  * Do the [first task](https://github.com/CS340-19/news/blob/master/Preliminary.md)

# Syllabus for "Software Engineering"

* **Course:** [COSCS-340]
* ** MK404  MWF  9:05AM-09:55AM (Min Kao 524) **
* **Instructor:** Audris Mockus, [audris@utk.edu](mailto:audris@utk.edu) office hours MK613 - on request
* **TAs:** [Preston Provins](mailto:pprovins@vols.utk.edu) (office hours on request) and [Rayhan Hossain](rhossai2@vols.utk.edu)
* **Need help?**

Simple rules: 

1. There are no stupid questions. However, it may be worth going over the following steps:
1. Think of what the right answer may be.
1. Search online: stack overflow, etc.
     - code snippets: On GH [gist.github.com](https://gist.github.com/) or, if anyone contributes, [for this class](https://github.com/snippets/COSCS340/)
     - answers to questions: [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/)
1. Look through [issues](https://github.com/COSCS340/news/issues)
1. Post the question as an issue.
1. Ask instructor: [email](mailto:audris@utk.edu) for 1-on-1 help, or
   to set up a time to meet 

## Objectives
The course will provide basic software engineering approaches with a
focus on intense practice. Upon successfull completion of this course 
you will be able to:

- Do version control and issue tracking
- Paticipate in teams and do basic software project management
- Do basic software testing
- Deploy software to the cloud
- Contribute to open source projects


## Course Description

All the assignments and projects for this class will use github -
*no exceptions*.

The work will have to be described via issues on github that
will be used to define and track progress. 

The resulting program will be deployed via docker container
to google cloud.

Each student will submit at least one contribution to an open source
project. 

## Prerequisites

While we have strived to make the programming component of this course
straightforward, we will not devote much time to teaching
programming. You should feel comfortable with:

1. How to look up syntax on Google and StackOverflow.
1. Basic programming concepts like functions, loops, arrays, dictionaries, strings, and if statements.
1. How to learn new libraries by reading documentation and reusing examples
1. Asking questions on StackOverflow or as a GitHub issue.

### Requirements and tips

These apply to real life, as well.

* Must apply "good programming style" learned in class
    * Optimize for readability
* There is no required programming language or framework: the
  project should choose the most relevant technology for its
  objective (i.e., the technology that would require least effort to
  implement the desired system). For example, it could be
  analytics/deep learning application on top of
  gensis/tensorflow/caffe, a mobile app, a web service, an algorithm
  library, ....
* There is no specific domain the project should focus on, but it
  has to solve a real or perceived problem. In other words, its
  important to motivate the project. There is no need to choose from
  a list of example topics, such as [this](http://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~marsic/books/SE/projects/)
  or [this](https://www.elprocus.com/top-software-engineering-projects-for-it-and-cse-students-in-2014/).
* Best results are typically achieved if you work on a problem that
  you deeply care about. I would recommend, therefore, to choose a
  problem primarily based on your interests.
    

## Teaming Tips

* Agree on an editor and environment that you're comfortable with
* The person who's less experienced/comfortable should have more keyboard time
* Switch who's "driving" regularly
* Make sure to save the code and send it to others on the team

## Evaluation

* Class Participation – 25%: students are expected to read all
   material covered in a week and come to class prepared to take
   part in the classroom discussions. Responding to other student
   questions (issues) counts as classroom participation. Class time
   will be also used for teamwork on the course project.

* Assignments - 25%: Each assignment will involve writing (or modifying a template of)
   a small Python program or a documentation of an open source contribution.
   * Deploying to Cloud: (5% of total course grade)
   * OSS Sprint 1 and 2: (5% of total course grade)
   * OSS Sprint 2 and 3: (5% of total course grade)
   * OSS Sprint 4 and 5: (5% of total course grade)
   * OSS Sprint 6: (5% of total course grade)

* Project - 50%: one original project a group of 4
   students. The project will explore one or more of the themes covered
   in the course that students find particularly compelling.  The
   group needs to submit a project proposal (2 pages IEEE format).  The proposal
   should provide a brief motivation of the project, detailed
   discussion of the data that will be obtained or used in the project,
   along with a time-line of milestones, and expected outcome.


Course Project: You will work in teams to propose, design, implement, and present a semester-long
software project. Your project work must be done in groups of 4 (or 3 if a fourth member cannot
be found). This work accounts for a major portion of your course grade (50%), so choose your
teammates wisely. The course project consists of a series of presentations and deliverables that
will be assigned throughout the semester. The grade breakdown is shown below:

1. Project Proposal (10% of total course grade)
3. Status Report (around Sprint 3) (15% of total course grade)
4. Final Project (Report + Demo) (25% of total course grade)

Each student in the group should have a role and be able to explain their individual contribution
to the project. We will take into account student feedback on the project and on their teammates
at the end of the semester, but for the most part, teammates will receive the same project grades.


## Other considerations

As a programmer you will never write anything from scratch, but will
reuse code, frameworks, or ideas.  You are encouraged to
learn from the work of your peers. However, if you don't try to do
it yourself, you will not learn. [Deliberate practice][deliberate-practice]
(activities designed for the sole purpose of effectively improving
specific aspects of an individual's performance) is the only way to
reach perfection.

Please respect the terms of use and/or license of any code you find,
and if you re-implement or duplicate an algorithm or code from
elsewhere, credit the original source with an inline comment.

## Resources

Project ideas
---------------

http://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~marsic/books/SE/projects/

http://nevonprojects.com/web-based-project-ideas-topics/


## Textbook

** There is no required textbook for the course **
several optional textbooks/online materials are listed.

- Bash

- Regular expressions

- Databases

- IEEE's "Software Engineering Body of Knowledge (SWEBOK)" version 3.0.

* [Python for beginners](https://www.python.org/about/gettingstarted/)
  and [Python Dictionaries](http://pythonprogramminglanguage.com/dictionary/)

## Presentation skills

* [Basic requrements for a good presentation](http://web.eecs.utk.edu/~bvz/presentation.html)

## Teamwork

[How to tell if you work well in a team](https://info.catme.org/wp-content/uploads/CATME-Rating-Scale.pdf)


#### GitHub

* Git and GitHub
    * [Official GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/)
	* [GitHub Issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/)
    * [Recommended resources](https://help.github.com/articles/what-are-other-good-resources-for-learning-git-and-github)
* GitHub Pages
    * [Official site](http://pages.github.com/)
    * [Thinkful guide](http://www.thinkful.com/learn/a-guide-to-using-github-pages/)


<!-- Links -->
[docker]:http://www.eecs.utk.edu/resources/it/kb/docker
[class-site]:http://web.eecs.utk.edu/~audris/fdac
[deliberate-practice]:http://www.psy.fsu.edu/faculty/ericsson/ericsson.exp.perf.html
[pull-request]:https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request
[create-repo]: https://help.github.com/articles/create-a-repo
[forking]: https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/
[ref-clone]: http://gitref.org/creating/#clone
[ref-commit]: http://gitref.org/basic/#commit
[ref-push]: http://gitref.org/remotes/#push
[pull-request]: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request
[raw]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/education/guide/master/docs/forks.md


[Academic Dishonesty / Plagiarism]

Cheating and plagiarism are serious offenses and are grounds for
dismissal from the course and an automatic F grade. Please read UT's
honor statement. for more information on what constitutes plagiarism
and what actions may be taken if the honor statement is violated. I
have written a helpful guide to avoiding plagiarism. The guide is
from my COSC102 course, but it is still relevant. 

Any plagiarism/cheating on an exam will be an automatic F for the
course and a referral. Any plagiarism/cheating on homework will
result in a 0 for that homework or assignment. 

Any repeat offenses in plagiarism/cheating will be an automatic F
for the course. 

Bottom line: It isn't worth it.....PLEASE don't do it!

Any cheating, plagiarism, etc. will be punished in accordance with
the current version of Hilltopics. For more information see
http://studentconduct.utk.edu/students/current-students/ 

[Grading]

See above


[MiniTasks]

Good quality commit messages

Issues that describe what is needed in a sprint

How to get a contribution accepted in an oss project

How to find project to learn from

The project quality index
